That year
Dad, we have been hiding for so many years
And now they're onto us.
A few brothers and I have decided
We are both dead
Only you and Xiaogang can survive
Me.
Xiaoying
I'm getting old.
They're both dead.
I will have nothing to do with Xiaofeng
But Yihe Mingxuan
Yes
I don't care what you ask me to do
I do it for you
Although grandpa has done a lot of stubbornness
I didn't expect
How can you do things to this extent?
In fact, the biggest reason
It was after grandpa left
But it can be shaken if it is taken away.
Illumination is the most fundamental thing
If not
The Illuminati leader wouldn't stand up to you either
thread
This thing is over.
Brother, how do you feel next?
Take it!
It's time to go back and pick up your milk
Hahahahahaha